Come, here is our marriage certificate,
If you don't believe it, ask someone to check it out.
What about heaven forever?
Let's have some fun, my wife.
Remember as I remember.
Everyone, what did your grandma say and how did you get to know Huai'an?
He was the one who remembered being pestered before.
What do we call a case?
He inherited his father's handsome and sleepy look.
Otherwise, how could I have such a good wife like you?
I want you to treat Cha Cha well
If you dare to do other things to you
I can't disturb you. Don't worry.
He can't run
That disgusting mother your grandfather chased me back then
It's time to eat
I'm going to get the internet
So am I
Cut and press well
That's why you're the one who's just pretending to be here
You are pregnant with us
Let him be us
Is there anything your Gu family deserves that I can provide? Anyway?
Don't care if you finish this meal
The air you have here is like a wolf soul.
Sorry, take care of me
I decided to stay here a few times
Take care of me
You go then
Indenter of tooth shoulder and mouth force
I think you're just cutting people off in a way that's unscrupulous
Take care of your eyes
Sooner or later I will let you get pregnant
Throw you up
Then I would have gotten pregnant a long time ago and he would cut me off
I will definitely let you get pregnant
The one who arranges marriage with you knows how to be smart
I'll call Tanjiao right now
let him come over
How do you end it?